Thank you very much for coming all the way, my lords
Attend the champion banquet in the evening
Late life is very grateful here
Here's to you.
You're welcome, Lord Song, you're welcome, you're welcome
Hahahaha
It's not just you guys today.
More His Royal Highness the Prince cleared
Take this opportunity
I want to be here
Thank you to a benefactor who is very important to me
Without his support in the past five years
I, Song, will never have the achievements I have today.
Oh, Lord Song
Who is your grudge?
That's right. Which one is it?
He is a woman.
I wish he could stand by my side today
From Now On
Holding hands
Grow old with your child
The man who talks
How can I be worthy of my little junior sister?
As long as the little junior sister likes it, it's fine.
His benefactor must be his first wife
It is said that Lord Song had a strange disease
It was his first wife.
Married to 5 years of hard work in the pharmaceutical industry
This cured Lord Song's illness.
Lord Song is so lucky
This woman has suffered a lot
Hahaha, then below
Allow me.
I would like to introduce this person solemnly
Holding hands with a woman for a lifetime
Here she is.
Murong girl of Jin Kung Fu